Initial setup (#1)
insightsengineering/presidio-action: README.md

> # presidio-action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Presidio Action
```

Github Actions that analyze Text for PII Entities with Microsoft Presidio framework.

## Author

Insights Engineering

## Inputs

* `verify-path`:

    _Description_: Path to verify

    _Required_: `false`

    _Default_: "."

* `configuration-file`:

    _Description_: Path to configuration file or predefined configuration (default, limited)

    _Required_: `false`

    _Default_: "default"

* `configuration-data`:

    _Description_: Simple configuration data directly in yaml format

    _Required_: `false`

    _Default_: ""

* `format-output`:

>     _Description_: Format of output

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    _Description_: Format of an output
```

    _Required_: `false`

    _Default_: "auto"

* `publish`:

    _Description_: Publish result in PR comment

    _Required_: `false`

    _Default_: "true"

* `upload`:

    _Description_: Upload result as an artifact

    _Required_: `false`

    _Default_: "true"

* `presidio-cli-version`:

>     _Description_: Presidio cli version - version of presidio-cli used in action

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    _Description_: Presidio cli version - a version of presidio-cli used in action.
```

    _Required_: `false`

    _Default_: "1.0.0"

## Outputs

> Output depends from `format-output` parameter:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An output depends on the `format-output` parameter:
```

The default format is `auto`.

Available formats:

* standard - standard output format

```shell
tests/conftest.py
  34:58     0.85     PERSON
  37:33     0.85     PERSON
```

* github - similar to diff function in github

```shell
::group::tests/conftest.py
::0.85 file=tests/conftest.py,line=34,col=58::34:58 [PERSON] 
::0.85 file=tests/conftest.py,line=37,col=33::37:33 [PERSON] 
::endgroup::
```

* colored - standard output format but with colors

* parsable - easy to parse automaticaly

```shell
{"entity_type": "PERSON", "start": 57, "end": 62, "score": 0.85, "analysis_explanation": null}
{"entity_type": "PERSON", "start": 32, "end": 37, "score": 0.85, "analysis_explanation": null}
```

* auto - default format, switches automatically between those 2 modes:
  * github, if run on github - environment variables `GITHUB_ACTIONS` and `GITHUB_WORKFLOW` are set
  * colored, otherwise

## How it works

Presidio action uses [presidio-cli](https://pypi.org/project/presidio-cli/)
based on presidio-analyzer from [Microsoft Presidio framework](https://github.com/microsoft/presidio)

> to check code agains unwanted types of data like 'EMAIL_ADDRESS', 'PHONE_NUMBER' inside application code.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
to check code against undesirable types of data such as 'EMAIL_ADDRESS' or 'PHONE_NUMBER' inside application's code.
```

> Full list of [supported entities](https://microsoft.github.io/presidio/supported_entities/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information please see a full [list of supported entities](https://microsoft.github.io/presidio/supported_entities/).
```

## Usage

Example usage:

```yaml
---
name: Presidio-cli

on:
  push:
    branches:
      - main
  pull_request:
    branches:
      - main

jobs:
  presidio-cli-action:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    name: Presidio-cli check

    steps:
      - name: Checkout Code
        uses: actions/checkout@v2

      - name: Produce the presidio report
        uses: insightsengineering/presidio-action@v1
        # all parameters below are optional
        with:
          # path to project.

>           # if project cannot is in specific 'my-project' path,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
          # if project does not have a specific 'my-project' path,
```
